In a moment, the Tribe has begun
their survival in Taveuni Island.
- We did it.
- They finished building the house.
One team goes to the river, and
another team goes to the forest...
for their night hunting.
- Here it is!
- And at last,
they are face to face with the
biggest treasure of the jungle.
However, their sweet dreams lasted briefly.
The Tribe fell into an unexpected
peril during their survival.
What's their fate at the crossroad?
The Law of Jungle in the
Garden of Spirits begins now.
We came far so we have
to take something back.
- Okay.
- We won't go back if we don't.
- We must catch something.
- The water is cold.
(Determined to catch fish, they
will succeed by all means.)
(Fish, come to me.)
There's nothing here.
(At last, )
(she spots a big one.)
Okay.
Hey, stay there.
(Hey, fish. Stay where you are.)
(I will catch you under the
name, Master of Taekwondo.)
(She gets her harpoon ready.)
(Shoot!)
I didn't get it?
(The whereabouts of the fish are unknown.)
(I guess I missed it by a close call.)
(After she puts on the swimming
goggles, she pursues the fish.)
(I'm going to find out!)
(Even the low water
temperature can't stop...)
(Bo Mi's strong will to hunt.)
(Tae Gon, Dam, and Yun Hyeong are
searching around the waterfall.)
(It's Yun Hyeong's first
time hunting in the jungle.)
(There's something here.)
(He aims his harpoon after
spotting something.)
(Prodding)
(It's just a stick.)
(He's so embarrassed.)
(Dam is also searching for
the fish the best he can.)
(However, the water is very murky.)
(It's not easy to find fish.)
Can you see anything?
You can't see, can you?
Isn't it really murky?
On top of that fact that
I can't see anything,
There's nothing here.
- A single fish hasn't passed by me.
- There's no fish here.
- I haven't spotted one fish.
Shall we head toward the waterfall?
Let's go there.
(Tae Gon dives deep near the
waterfall with full of energy.)
I dove into the water, but it was the same.
(There's none in deep water too.)
I spotted a few of small
fish near the bottom.
I thought we weren't lucky
in the food department.
(Gosh, this is too cruel.)
I thought I would pass out
before I caught a fish.
That's when we decided to call it a day.
There's none. No matter how
hard I looked, there's nothing.
The water is freezing cold.
(Their body temperature drops down.)
- Let's get out.
- Okay.
Gosh, it's so cold in here.
- Gosh, it's so cold.
- I can't see well.
I can't even see what's in front of me.
I dove all the way to the bottom,
but there's still no fish.
(Even the king of fishing can't
do anything as there's no fish.)
It's raining.
(What's worse is that it starts raining.)
We should get out of the water first.
There's no fish here.
(We walked over 1 hour to get here...)
(and we were in the water
for over 30 minutes.)
(Oh, no. How mean of the fish.)
(Oh, spirits! Where are the fish?)
Fish!
(Fish, )
(I want to see you.)
You're losing it.
- There's no fish. Not even one.
- You're slowly losing it.
(They decide to return to the base camp.)
I'm starving.
Hang in there a bit longer.
(They are preparing to build
the columns after the floor.)
(Jin Woon, the 4th timer, is in
charge of making the columns.)
(Kang Nam, the 9th timer, is
in charge of digging holes.)
(Moon Sik, the 2nd timer,
is wrapping up flooring.)
(What is Cho Rong, the first timer, doing?)
(She's placing the bamboo
tree on top of the fire.)
(Is she using the bamboo
tree as the firewood?)
They're for the pot.
Should I close it with
the lid to cook them?
I'm trying to cook the bananas.
When I just put them in, only
the banana peels got burnt.
Do you need to cook it more?
Yes. I'm going to put
them back into the fire.
I want to cook them a bit more.
(She rolls bananas with the banana
leaves to avoid burning them.)
I need to cook something for them.
Great.
(She places it gently on
top of the bamboo tree.)
You know the rice cooked with bamboo trees?
If they are in direct contact with
the fire, they will get burnt.
It'd be harder to eat them.
Gosh, that looks great.
- Don't they look nice?
- They do.
We just need to wait for
these to get cooked.
(The hard cassavas go right into the fire.)
This somewhat looks nice.
It feels like we're on a retreat.
(This unique presentation radiates
organic flavors of jungle.)
(Cho Rong's roasted bananas and cassavas)
(Amazed)
- That's hot.
- Look at these.
(She exclaims at the
sight of the cassavas.)
- Should we eat this now?
- That's a cassava.
(Swallowing)
- That's cooked.
- That's completely cooked.
Should we peel it with a knife and eat it?
- Let's eat it.
- I'll prepare it for you.
(Let's eat first.)
Okay. Then let's take a break for snacks.
- Let's stop for a moment.
- I'm starving.
- This is nice.
- You need to eat in order to work.
Did you bring the rice wine?
- Rice wine?
We're eating snacks.
This looks like a sweet potato.
Look at this.
It's golden brown.
(The steamy cassava is
cooked to a golden brown.)
(Enjoy the cassava.)
(It's good.)
It's sweet potato. It
tastes like chestnut too.
(He's in a hurry. It's hot.)
It's really good.
This is our first meal of the day, right?
(They feel full and warm
from having snacks.)
(She's happy.)
There's so much water now.
- Right.
- It's scary.
I think the water will reach here.
(The tide is rising so
the waves are strong.)
Will they?
(Will they be okay?)
(Snack time is over. They
resume building the house.)
This might be hard,
but if we make marks with the saw...
and stick them in, it'll be much stronger.
(They're trying to build
a strong foundation.)
That's right.
(He makes a hole to fit the pillar in.)
This...
(Lifting)
This fixes it.
- It worked.
- Like this.
We don't have to do that.
Just put some stones here and step on them.
(The foundation is being built
under Moon Sik's leadership.)
Big stones are okay too.
(The foundation is being built
under Moon Sik's leadership.)
This is a real house.
(They're proud of themselves.)
We're descendants of Byung Man.
Push it more this way.
(The roof gets built.)
That's good.
(They work together.)
(This is good.)
It worked.
- Let's finish in an hour.
- Sure.
Let's do it in an hour.
(They pour their efforts in it.
How will it look?)
Let's stack them up from this side.
(It's time to put the roof up.)
Let's start from here and keep going.
(They lay the banana leaves down.)
This will never fall.
(They tie the poles together
so that they don't move.)
(Hard work never betrays you.)
What happens if we leave them here?
This is great.
It's much better than what I imagined.
I thought we weren't going
to put so much effort in.
(The jungle house gets built nicely
with their combined efforts.)
The Hunting Team is going to get
shocked when they see this.
- It's done.
- Do you think it's enough?
- This is great.
- It's spectacular.
It definitely is.
The bamboo floor will shelter them...
from the cold ground and the bugs.
The sturdy pillars support...
the wide roof made out of banana leaves.
Byung Man's Tribe's spacious home...
has been built.
You built the jungle
house without the Chief.
Moon Sik. He's Byung Man number two.
He's that good in many ways.
"Let's build a house here."
"You do this. You do that."
He assigns you stuff to do.
He was very enthusiastic when
we were building the house.
He was very helpful,
so I just had to follow his lead.
I fell for Moon Sik's leadership.
(She's drawn by his leadership.)
I'm serious.
Byung Man is so skilled.
I can't copy him.
I was lucky that I got this much done.
- I'm so hungry.
- While they were building,
it got dark.
By the way, where did the Hunting Team go?
What if it gets dark?
(They're returning to the survival zone.)
The tide is rising.
It's dangerous.
(It seems dangerous.)
The tide is rising.
What's going on?
(They are anxious.)
Look at the waves.
(The water is flooding due
to the incoming waves.)
It's dangerous. It looks cold.
When they were crossing this
river a few hours earlier,
the current was strong but they
could still cross it easily.
- It's dark now...
- It's windy.
And because of the rising
tide and the rough waves,
it's difficult to cross the river.
How will they overcome this obstacle?
(Hunting Team faces another obstacle.)
How do we cross it?
Hold on. Let's have a look.
(They're puzzled.)
(Tae Gon takes a look.)
- The water is so cold.
- Hold on.
It's dangerous for Bo Mi.
We don't know.
It's quite strong.
This is the river.
There's too much water.
(He's worried.)
When it rains, the water grows very fast.
It could be dangerous because of the water.
Not only us,
but the staff members too.
We might get isolated.
I was really worried.
(There's not a moment to lose.)
Let's do this. I have a rope.
I'll go across first and tie it.
You can hold it and walk across.
Okay.
(Tae Gon is planning to use his rope.)
We have to connect the
ropes and walk across.
(He's planning to connect
both sides of the river.)
(He ties it tightly to one side...)
(and walks across to connect
to the other side.)
Be careful.
(The jungle is even darker now.)
(The waves are getting rougher.)
(Tae Gon uses his flashlight
to find his way.)
(He slows down.)
- Be careful.
- The current is strong.
(He goes slowly.)
Please don't hurt yourself.
(He takes small steps.)
(It dips in.)
(The water level drops all of a sudden.)
(It's up to his thighs.)
(He can't see so it's hard
to walk in the water.)
The water's here now.
(The water's filling up around them.)
It's up to here.
(He's halfway through now.)
(He falters again.)
(The current is getting rougher.)
The water is so strong.
(The others are very worried.)
(Fumbling)
(It's tough for him and he's fit.)
(He finally reaches the other side.)
(He gets on land...)
(and looks for a spot to tie the rope.)
Did the rope get stuck somewhere?
- It didn't.
It's not enough.
(The rope is too short.)
Goodness.
(The water rushes in.)
This is so scary.
- It's so strong.
- It's rushing in.
- My goodness.
- Take our bags.
(There's no safe zone anymore.)
How is this possible?
I was shocked.
The water...
rushed in all of a sudden.
I got scared.
- I'm so scared.
- You have to be careful of the sea.
It'll swallow you.
(Meanwhile, at the jungle house)
(Shrieking)
(The water reaches their feet.)
What's this? It came this far?
This is emergency.
(That was totally unexpected.)
Look at that.
(The waves lurk near their jungle house.)
It came this far.
This is shocking.
What if we can't sleep in our house?
We worked so hard on it.
What do we do?
(Tae Gon is trying to tie
the rope to a fallen tree.)
Can we come?
(The safety rope is ready.)
You can come across.
He said we can come. Let's go.
Be careful.
(Stumbling)
- Look down.
- Okay.
(Safety first)
It's deep.
Put it in your armpit.
(The three of them move slowly
with the rope in their hands.)
Be careful.
I'll lift it up. Go slowly.
Okay. Thank you.
(Tae Gon shines the light
in front of them.)
There's a big rock.
Be careful.
(Yun Hyeong stumbles.)
It was dark so we couldn't see the floor.
It was slippery too.
Some parts dipped down.
We couldn't see anything,
so we relied on the rope.
The current is strong.
It was deep too,
but the current was really strong.
We couldn't move forward
without the safety rope.
The current is so strong.
(They have a rope but they're
swaying because of the current.)
(Splashing)
Be careful.
(Dam loses balance and falls.)
Are you okay, Dam?
What is it?
(He didn't lose the rope
so he gets back up.)
(That was close.)
It's so much better with the rope.
(They reach the other side safely.)
Come here.
(Dam finishes crossing last.)
You saved us. This was our life line.
It was so hard tying the rope.
(It's time for the staff members to cross.)
(The water grew even more.)
There's so much water now.
Who's left?
(They can't be relieved yet.)
There's one cameraman.
(The staff holds onto the
safety rope to cross.)
Come slowly.
(The staff holds onto the
safety rope to cross.)
(Staggering)
Come closer.
(He is the last person to cross.)
Be careful. Walk slowly.
(A cameraman is crossing
with a camera in his hand.)
(A big wave rolls in.)
There's a wave rolling in.
(The cameraman staggers
because of the wave.)
- Stop there for a moment.
- Stop and start walking again.
(He tries hard to protect the camera.)
It's dangerous.
Step back. This is dangerous.
(Waves are coming in from every direction.)
(Groaning)
(Ahn Hyo Il, Cameraman)
Walk slowly.
(Tae Gon walks over to help him.)
(The cameraman starts moving carefully.)
The water is rising fast.
(The water rose waist-high.)
Okay.
(Tae Gon grabs the cameraman.)
(The distance left is 5m!)
(Everyone successfully crosses over!)
That was dangerous. Everyone's here, right?
I'm alive! We're alive.
- I'm alive.
- We're back.
We're alive.
Let's go.
Tae Gon should go back and untie the rope.
(Hey!)
(The Tribe finally laughs.)
(I'm glad nothing happened.)
All right. Let's go.
Thanks to Tae Gon's
knowledge and experience,
the Tribe and the staff
crossed the river safely.
(Everyone has safely crossed the river.)
The shelter-building team that
was startled by the waves...
start building a temporary seawall.
- Where?
- Here.
(They try to stop the
waves with a huge log.)
1, 2, 3.
(Heave-ho)
- This is good.
- Good.
This will work, right?
It'll stop the waves here.
(They pile the sand to make a hump, )
(and they also dig a waterway.)
(The waves are rolling in again.)
(Startled)
Gosh, that scared me.
(The waves came all the way to the log.)
Without this, the waves
would've came in all the way.
The timing was perfect.
It would've been dangerous without this.
(The sea looks menacing.
I hope nothing happens.)
Goodness.
You're back.
- Welcome back.
- Good work.
Gosh. There was no fish.
No worries.
I couldn't see anything.
- Nothing?
- You didn't catch anything?
- Nothing.
- Really?
(They had high expectation.)
There was no fish.
We couldn't see anything in the water.
The water is too cold. I
couldn't even see my hand.
- You tried.
- You couldn't see any fish?
- No.
- Banana.
Take a banana.
Eat a banana.
(Good work.)
- It's hot.
- Take one.
Thank you.
(Taking a bite)
- Eat a banana.
- He gave me one.
- Eat this.
- It's hot.
(It melts in her mouth.)
- Gosh.
- How come it's so delicious?
Why is this so delicious?
(Thumbs up)
(The hunting team fill their empty
stomachs with roasted banana.)
- It's good.
- Isn't it?
Do we need to survive with
cassava and banana tonight?
We should go fishing.
We'll regroup and catch eels.
Let's go catch eels.
- It's raining again.
- Goodness.
(It's raining harder.)
We'll be in trouble if the fire dies.
(They need to protect the fire.)
Let's erect a pillar.
Put a poncho over it.
Let's cut this in half and connect it.
(They're using a plastic sheet as a tent.)
(Taping)
Hurry up. The fire is dying.
- We got a hole here.
- There's a hole.
(They put a bamboo in the center...)
It's done.
(and put it over the
fire like an umbrella.)
Put it up straight.
(He ties it down tightly with a rope.)
(Tying it hard)
Good.
The fire's still alive.
(They built a tent to protect the fire.)
Put it over.
(They're strengthening the shelter.)
Let's see.
- Get the end.
- Line it up.
(They're hoping it's waterproof.)
- This is it.
- I got it.
- This is the end.
- Tae Gon.
- I got it.
- You got it?
Yes, it's done.
Gosh, it's cold.
I'm all soaked.
(She's super tired.)
Honestly, I thought The Law
of Jungle would be easy.
But it's really difficult.
I realized it here.
They told me we're having it easy today.
They don't give us anything. It's real.
The jungle changes rapidly.
We can't predict it.
The Tribe won't stay put though.
It's time to go out and collect food.
- We'll go now.
- Team Eel.
- Be careful.
- Take care.
- Good luck!
- Go!
What are we going to do?
- We'll catch crabs.
- Crabs.
We'll catch boars, if there are boars.
Land animals.
Let's go.
- Good luck.
- It's our only hope.
- Eels.
- Let's do a cheer.
- Let's go.
- Eels, let's go!
(They do a cheer for a successful hunt.)
- Let's go.
- Okay.
Good luck.
(They hope for a big catch.)
They might not be able to catch eels.
- I feel like they can't.
- It feels like that.
We'll have to catch something.
Eels aren't easy to catch actually.
We could be the winner.
We have to be the winner.
- Let's do it!
- Let's go.
- Go!
- Let's go!
When you shine the flashlight,
sometimes squid and octopus come up.
Be careful.
(They check the sea near their shelter.)
Please, something edible.
Kang Nam, you saw fish earlier?
There are fish here.
(They're moving consistently.)
Hey, I found something we can eat.
- What is it?
- Gastropod.
Look.
It's delicious when you boil it.
There are so many.
- Amazing.
- This.
You see it, right?
It's delicious when you boil it.
It tastes good to suck on it.
- What is it?
- There's more.
- You see it, right?
- What is this?
- That's it.
Okay. They're all gastropods.
- Right here.
- They're too tiny.
(Let's just get them first.)
- No.
- Yes, pick it up like that.
This one has some meat. You can eat it.
- Where is it?
- It's on the rock.
Can't we eat the ones that are stuck?
(They move toward the sea.)
Here it is.
Let's get these. They're good.
They're on the rock.
They look delicious.
(The waves roll in from behind.)
Gosh, it's cold!
(Startled)
Be careful.
(The water rises up all of a sudden.)
- What do I do?
- Come out.
- Water's coming in.
Be careful. Come out.
(Tide comes in without a warning.)
Let's get out.
(The beach is already immersed in water.)
- It's crazy.
- It's dangerous.
(Cho Rong's worried about Bo Mi.)
I'm okay.
- Dam.
- What's going on?
Bo Mi. Grab his hand.
- Be careful.
- That scared me.
(Everyone gets out of the water.)
That scared me.
Good. We all got out.
We shouldn't let our guards down.
- Amazing.
- That startled me.
The water rose so quickly.
We shouldn't let our guards down.
(They collected quite a bit of gastropods.)
We'll be able to boil soup.
The waves are so strong.
(The night sea is scary.)
It's dangerous.
Let's go over there.
- Let's go inside.
- Okay.
- What is it?
- Gosh.
- I'm sorry. A frog...
- Is there a frog?
Why do I keep spotting frogs?
(Soon after that...)
- Gosh.
- What is it?
- What's wrong?
- Why do I keep spotting frogs?
- What?
- Frog?
You're good at spotting them.
I don't see them.
(Where are they?)
(Cameraman can't find it either.)
We don't see them. How
are you spotting frogs?
Wherever I shine my light, there's a frog.
When you're startled, it's because of frog.
Bo Mi, my heart is racing.
- Frog...
- Don't look. Walk straight.
Why?
(They think they're done with the frogs.)
- Gosh, Cho Rong. Come here.
- What?
- No.
- Gosh.
(Shaking her head)
- Amazing.
- Where?
- There.
- A frog?
It's like a gold frog.
- Cho Rong. You should see that.
- No.
- You should go first.
- Here.
(He's a professional.)
You should film it.
- No.
- You have to come in here.
(Screaming)
- But this is...
- Gosh.
- Isn't it amazing?
- Why are you screaming?
- You didn't even see it yet.
- You...
What is it?
(There are toads everywhere.)
Goodness.
She reacts so differently every time.
I thought there was only one reaction.
There are four here.
- No.
- There are four?
The size is...
Why are you so scared of toads?
I'm...
I can't even go near it.
But I was able to walk that path.
I felt like I became stronger.
"I'm walking down this way."
I guess it's because I saw so many toads...
- There's a toad!
- No.
Come on.
Don't you think we can eat it?
(Next to Cho Ron who is frozen...)
Let's get the frogs.
No, we can't it them.
(Bo Mi is ready to attack.)
You're in the same group, right?
Can't we eat a moth?
If you eat it, you'll be the first.
Can't we eat these?
It looks like a jujube.
(Too bad.)
I guess we don't eat everything.
(What is she talking about?)
I thought we would eat everything we find.
- Let's go in the back.
- Caterpillars can be eaten.
We need to look for crabs on the ground...
(I want to find something.)
and fruits on the trees.
We also need to look for
cassavas and taros.
Why did you kick it?
I wondered if something will come out.
- Really?
- She is in a bad mood.
They will have to find food
soon for the hungry Bo Mi.
Meanwhile, the other team arrived
at the fishing point for eels.
We will be able to catch eels.
We need to catch eels.
Isn't that shrimp?
- Where?
- I see a pair of eyes.
- It's shrimp.
- Shrimp.
Catch the shrimp.
- Look at those orange eyes.
- It's shrimp.
Shine the flashlight.
Let me catch this shrimp.
The orange light belongs to the shrimp.
(He approaches it carefully.)
(He is looking for the perfect timing.)
(It slides out...)
(like water.)
(Jumping)
(It annoys people.)
(He drops the lantern in frustration.)
(Embarrassed)
(Only a fly stays with him.)
- Shall we go somewhere else?
- What is that?
It's a leaf.
Let's look around the place.
We can go further up too.
All right.
(He goes up the river and
tries to hunt again.)
(He concentrates.)
It's really big.
(Jumping)
(He puts his head inside the water, )
It's really fast.
(but the shrimp is gone.)
(He is half a tempo slow.)
(He keeps dropping the lantern.)
(His hands always come up empty.)
In the countryside, we
make shrimp pass out...
in order to catch it.
(He grabs a rock...)
(to splash water.)
(He grabs a stick...)
(to slap water.)
It's lucky.
Since there are small ones,
there are bound to be big ones.
There it is.
It hid.
It looks fascinating. Is it shrimp?
This one has pincers.
Is it crayfish?
(It looks strong.)
Does it bite?
When I put my hand near it,
it approached to bite.
- Did it approach your hand?
- Yes.
This is hard.
(They are standing face to face.)
(He gathers his courage.)
(Touch down)
- Did you catch it?
- Yes.
What is it? Is it crayfish?
I am afraid it will jump
out when I open my hand.
It won't bite.
Do we have a pouch?
Do we have a pouch? A net?
Put your lantern down for a
second to use the other hand.
Gosh, I didn't catch it.
(He opens his hand.)
For goodness' sake.
(I was completely fooled.)
(Embarrassed)
There are fish.
(Yun Hyeong came farther up the river.)
Is that shrimp?
(He finds mini shrimp.)
There are two shrimp.
You see its antennae, right?
Are these antennae?
How should I catch it?
My goodness.
(Yun Hyeong is nervous about
catching its antennae.)
(Pressing)
(The veteran cameraman helps him.)
Now, lift up the rock. I am sorry.
It wasn't shrimp. I am sorry.
It's not shrimp.
The other one hid.
What should I do? Wait, there it is.
All right.
(I won't hesitate this time.)
(He moves in.)
(Grabbing)
I don't know if I caught it.
(Wriggling)
- I caught it.
- Did you catch it?
I caught it. I can feel it.
- Yes.
This is how it feels.
It's only one shrimp,
but it feels great.
It's my first catch.
(It's Yun Hyeong's first catch.)
Don't run away.
There it is.
(There is nothing here.)
What happened?
I swear it was here.
(Am I dreaming?)
(Their luck falls short of their passion.)
- Maybe you were mistaken.
- What happened?
(The three of them get played by shrimp.)
I felt it.
(The master of fishing, Tae Gon
is searching for his prey.)
I will find something if
I search the area later.
It's between the rocks.
Do you see it?
(Carefully)
(Is it a bullet?)
(I can't catch it with bare hands.)
This is driving me crazy.
I felt it with my hands.
(He finds the shrimp again.)
Here it is. Hold on.
(He approaches it with a
harpoon in his hand.)
I found it.
See? It's right there.
I will catch it.
(He prepares the harpoon.)
Did you see it jump?
It's exhausting to have a
war of nerves with it.
It jumped into the air.
You can't run away.
(Hitting)
(The harpoon lands like an arrow.)
(How did it go?)
(He succeeded in catching
the first shrimp.)
How incredible!
What is it?
(Shouting)
- How! It's big shrimp.
- Is there an eel?
(Oriental river shrimp)
I told you there is shrimp.
- He caught it with a harpoon.
- I guess a tool is a must.
Where should we put it?
(Catch shrimp with a harpoon.)
That's incredible.
I caught it.
(The harpoon is faster than the shrimp.)
I caught another one.
Hurry up and take a picture.
(He gets his picture taken to
celebrate the successful hunt.)
I had my eyes on it.
There are a lot of fish.
I want to catch them.
(I will catch something too.)
It's a big one.
(They can spot shrimp very easily now.)
Slowly.
- How will I catch it?
- Aim carefully.
There it is.
(He aims.)
My goodness.
(He is in haste.)
- Go slowly.
(Twinkling)
(Shooting)
I caught it!
(He finally succeeded.)
You did it.
My goodness, that's incredible.
Gosh, that startled me.
I now know how to catch shrimp.
There it is.
(He never misses his target.)
I caught it! Lucky!
This is incredible. I got lucky.
I caught a big one.
There it is.
(It's Yun Hyeong's show time.)
(His aim was a bit off.)
(Shocked)
My goodness.
My goodness, I caught it.
(On the stage, he aims
for people's hearts.)
(In the jungle, he aims for shrimp.)
After catching a few shrimp,
I became confident.
Later on, I even caught
shrimp with my hands.
(The icon of the jungle)
This is incredible.
It was the kind of excitement
I have never felt before.
Where else will I hunt?
Do you want to go in?
I am sorry. Don't run away.
Your friends are here.
(He satisfies his preys.)
This is fun.
There is one.
(Moon Sik has failed consecutive times.)
(Focused)
(Will he fail again?)
(Nice catch)
- I caught it.
- Did you catch it?
Yes.
(He finally caught it.)
(In the end, )
(he catches it after many tries.)
What was that?
Its foreleg fell off.
It's very strong.
My goodness.
I saved my face.
(A bit later)
I caught shrimp's leg.
(I have the leg you lost.)
(He gives up.)
It looks like I won't catch anything here.
Did you catch something?
I missed five shrimp.
They were big too.
- I caught one.
- I should have brought a tool.
(He's upset.)
I don't even feel upset because
I didn't catch anything.
Did you catch it?
I caught 4 or 5 of them.
(It's this big.)
- I caught 1.
- I caught 4.
Good job.
I wish they caught one crab.
Did they catch crabs?
I don't know how the other team is doing.
- Let's go.
- I did my share.
- I missed about five shrimp.
- They're so fast.
They were big too.
I missed about five shrimp.
At that time, the Land Team goes...
farther into the forest to look for food.
Look at the ground.
Won't coconut crabs be
near the coconut trees?
You might find them...
on the trunk of a tree.
- It might fall from the above.
- Then we will faint.
We will faint.
Would you rather see a frog
fall or a coconut crab fall?
- A coconut crab.
- Really?
It's edible.
Do coconut crabs...
They only eat coconuts.
Do they hold coconuts?
They use their pincers to
dig out the coconut meat.
- You will see the shells near it.
- It must be strong.
There are a lot of shells
near the coconut crab.
You will see the shells everywhere.
You will see holes in the shells.
These shells don't show that sign.
(There are holes on the coconuts.)
We must keep an eye out for those.
We must go slow and look at them closely.
(Let me explain about this
prince of the forest.)
(Here it is!)
(It's inside!)
Here it is! Gosh!
(From discovering coconut
crabs that are in hiding...)
(to catching the coconut crabs
with tremendous power...)
That's right. In the special
in Solomon Islands,
he had a long history with coconut crabs.
Thanks to you, I got to
taste the coconut crabs.
I will look forward to your amazing
skills as a veteran member.
(He sets out with dignity.)
The color is almost identical
to the color of the coconuts.
They move in groups?
(She tries her best as she's starving.)
So when you spot one of them...
(Her jaw is about to drop.)
I don't think it's here.
(Where on earth are the coconut crabs?)
I hate bugs.
- You startled me.
- What is it?
- A bug went inside my mouth.
- Hey, what was that?
(She was too focused with
her mouth wide open.)
- I'm sorry.
- You startled me.
(They look at the top of the trees.)
There's nothing here. I can't see anything.
There's nothing here. I
don't think they are here.
(They look around the empty coconuts.)
What if they're here, but
we can't just spot them?
That's possible too.
Gosh, there's none here.
(I'm a bit sensitive
since I haven't eaten.)
I wish I could eat a banana.
What a bummer. I'm about
to faint out of hunger.
(However, it's too early to give up.)
Under the tree... What is it?
- Something's there.
- What's there?
(Dam, the prince, is on the move.)
(Could it be a coconut crab?)
- What?
- Did you find it?
Wait. That's not it. The
one on the right. Is it?
- Where?
- It's big.
What is this?
- What is that?
- Isn't that a conch?
- Baby coconut crabs are big.
- Hold on a minute.
Oh, my. We might find some
crabs here if we are lucky.
- Are there trails over there?
- Are there a lot of holes?
It's not that. What is this?
That's a hermit crab.
- A hermit crab.
- We can't eat this, can we?
This is sort of big.
- I bet the crabs are here.
- Something like this.
- What if they're in a pen?
- Look at that. Right?
- There's a frog.
- Where? Hello.
This one is inside the bucket.
I have a feeling we might
find something here.
- They must be somewhere like this.
- Really?
I usually found them in a
place similar to this.
In a place like this?
They hide between the trees.
We must look at them closely.
(His pupils begin to dilate.)
(And his radius begins to widen as well.)
They might be at the top of the trees.
- Like trees over there.
- What if they are somewhere there?
- There must be holes.
- What kind of holes?
- Like these?
- They make holes and dig up.
- Here it is! Here it is!
- Gosh, you scared me.
- Here it is.
- Where?
(The prince wakes up the
entire, quiet forest.)
- Here it is.
- Where?
It's right there.
(Where on earth is it?)
- Where?
- It's right there. This is it!
- That's huge.
- This is the crab.
- Oh, my.
- Even I was surprised.
- How are you going to catch it?
- Hold on.
- Hold on. Stay here.
- It's over there.
- It's humongous.
- They hide. We must look carefully.
- We can push the tree away.
- Hang on a second.
- Hold on. That's...
- This is amazing.
(He lifts the wooden post
which was concealing it.)
- It's big. It looks like a monster.
- This one is big.
Look at this.
- Yes! Food!
- It looks like an alien.
It does look like an alien.
- Hey, get me the sticks.
- How did you spot that?
We have to look closely.
I must catch it with my hands.
I shouldn't use my power.
They won't bite.
- Be careful.
- I couldn't see anything.
I have the saw.
It really was hiding there.
(As soon as Dam touches it,
it's ready to attack.)
Its claw kicked at him.
(They freeze.)
Pick it up.
(The power struggle is intense.)
But it looks exactly like that tree.
- Look. It's breaking everything.
- Did you hear the sound?
- It broke the wooden stick.
- Kang Nam, get me a strong one.
- Be careful.
- This one?
- Hey, you must be careful.
- I can just grab it.
No, no. You mustn't.
(Dam stops him from touching
it for safety reasons.)
- It'll cut your fingers. Watch out.
- I can grab its claws.
- You can, but you can't endure it.
- The claws?
It will try to spread its claws.
- Is it that powerful?
- We can't just grab the claws.
(Cho Rong picks up the
bamboo stick silently.)
(She's trying to squeeze in the
bamboo tree between claws.)
- Gosh, it's powerful. It's crazy.
- All right.
- It's really strong.
- There you go. Just grab it.
- We got it.
- Grab it.
- I can't lift this.
- Grab the stick.
(She contributes to a major
achievement by lifting it.)
(The strong claws don't
let go of the tree.)
- We did it. We did it!
- Gosh, it really is strong.
(Hanging in the air)
We must use strong tools
when we spread the claws.
(Cho Ring is demonstrating amazing
strength at a critical moment.)
(They did manage to lift it up.)
How can I put this in?
Hey, this looks really nasty.
- Open up the bag.
- Wait.
(I won't let go once I grab it.)
Hold on a minute. Open the bag.
- Open it?
- Yes.
Open it up.
- Let go.
- Even if I try...
Hey, let's just put the sticks too.
Just put everything into the bag.
- Let's hurry back.
- Just put everything in.
Put it in.
I would have never thought
it'd be this strong.
- It's big.
- Is it bigger than average?
I've seen one as big as this one,
but this one is still considered big.
It got so heavy.
If Dam weren't there, we
wouldn't have found it.
He was really thorough.
He was more thorough than us.
When I saw him searching
the forest inside out,
I thought he was really phenomenal.
(Even his voice is amazingly loud.)
I thought we got lucky.
Luckily, we found a big
one, not a small one.
Whenever I starred on this show,
I wasn't good at hunting,
but I was good at looking
and finding things.
Dam, you're incredible.
This is the coconut crab.
(Kang Nam is surprised.)
I don't know when the other
team is going to come back.
(Anyway)
I think they might not come
back until they catch one.
(I want to tell this good news to them.)
Should we go and cook this?
- Good work, everyone.
- Great job.
- What about the crab?
- Did you catch some?
Well, we looked everywhere.
- You didn't find one?
- I had a feeling it'd be the case.
What is that?
It's heavy. Try lifting it.
(Do you want to look at
the shrimps I caught?)
- What are these?
- Be careful.
Be careful. They pop up.
What are those?
- They are shrimps.
- Shrimps!
- They're big.
- Hey, they're huge.
- It was hard for us to catch them.
- They are big.
- 1, 2 shrimps.
- That's nice.
These are shrimps.
(They keep bragging about shrimps.)
- They are so many. It looks tasty.
- You got them from the sea?
- There's another one.
- This is perfect for you.
- Shrimp.
- You still have more?
It's really hard to catch them.
- The big one.
- They are not coming out.
- There's another one.
- Another one?
Did you catch something?
Why aren't you excited?
- You must be surprised.
- We are.
My gut tells me Dam caught something.
His posture seems different from before.
Don't you agree?
- This is it.
- Great work.
I'll be back.
- What is it?
- Dam is acting strange.
- What is it? What did you bring?
- He must've caught something.
- What did he catch?
- That's a coconut crab!
- You caught it.
- Seriously?
- Goodness.
- Isn't that humongous?
Is that a coconut crab?
(The main ingredient appears.)
- It cut the stick.
- No way!
- Is this the coconut crab?
- That's massive.
(How incredible!)
- Dam found it under the tree.
- Really?
- Yes.
- That's awesome.
I can only imagine how delicious
those claws will taste.
(The claws seem quite overwhelming.)
If you see this at night,
it might scare me.
When I saw it up close, it
scared me out of my wits.
This looks like a spider too.
(This is the coconut crab!)
- People might think it's a spider.
- Exactly.
I really wanted to see this.
- It was hiding really well.
- We have a lot to eat.
- How did it hide?
- It was...
- It looked like a tree.
- We couldn't see anything.
- It didn't move?
- No, it didn't.
- Dam, you found it?
- Yes.
- Dam spotted it.
- You scored one.
Imagine how strong the claws are.
The crab cut the stick.
- Do you understand me?
- I really wanted to see this.
Try lifting it.
- I get to see it at last.
- That's it.
- It worked.
- Look at that.
- Look at its strength.
- It's only using just a claw.
It's lifting its entire
body with just a claw.
- Dose it have innards?
- It has innards and everything.
- That must be so tasty.
- The innards.
- Gosh, it's so strong.
- Let's dip shrimps in the innards.
- I can't touch it.
- Dam, you've cooked this before.
Boiling this is the best way to go at this.
Shouldn't we wash this once?
Wash it in the sea.
Since we have to crack the
shell to eat the crab meat,
- we can just cook it.
- We can just get rid of the sands.
- Can we just cook it?
- Gosh, that sounds so good.
- Let's hurry and cook.
- This...
- It is huge indeed.
- It is massive.
- All right. First, put it there.
- Let's boil the water first.
Put it there.
(Boil the water to cook the crab.)
(To make shrimp soup, dunk only
the shrimps into the canteen.)
I bet this is going to taste great.
(To make shrimp soup, dunk only
the shrimps into the canteen.)
(They make the fire bigger
to cook it faster.)
That's right. We picked
chili peppers earlier.
- Should we put them in?
- We should...
(For the soup, he chops the chili peppers.)
We should put the chili peppers in.
- It's spicy.
- Gosh, this smells really spicy.
It's spicy.
Put everything in.
(They put in everything
to make the soup spicy.)
It's going to be tasty since it's spicy.
- This is enough.
- Let's see how tasty it is.
- Have you eaten it before?
- This is my first time eating it.
I've never eaten it in the jungle.
(Welcome. Is this your first
time tasting a coconut crab?)
Hey, get the canteen ready.
(It's time to cook the coconut crab.)
- Look.
- Put it in.
- Gather your claws.
- Oh, no.
(They try to put the
coconut crab in water.)
- Be careful.
- Watch its pincers.
(It resists going into the water.)
(Flustered)
(It uses its strength to hold out.)
Hold on.
(He almost overturns the pot.)
My goodness, it's strong.
- Let's turn it over.
- Let's do that.
Turn it over.
- That's good enough.
- Its legs are too long.
- Hold on.
- It's okay.
It's okay. It went in.
It won't let go of the bamboo.
There we go. We got it inside.
(It finally goes inside the pot.)
- Is the pot too small?
- Put a rock on it.
(Putting a big rock on the
lid solves the problem.)
The pot is too small.
This is incredible. I will
get to taste coconut crab.
(They now need to wait for it to cook.)
(It's the hardest to wait for food.)
(They become hungrier.)
(They become tired.)
(Bo Mi is about to doze off.)
It's so quiet.
Shall we eat shrimp soup?
- I love the idea.
- I think it's boiling.
Ta-da! Ta-da!
(Shrimp soup is revealed.)
- It's nice.
- Look at the color.
We can eat them now.
Tom yum goong.
(The soup contains habanero peppers...)
I bet the soup tastes wonderful.
(and plump shrimp.)
Soup is the best.
(Tae Gon tastes the soup first.)
(How does it taste?)
Gosh, it's hot.
Habanero peppers were hot.
(He added all of the spicy peppers.)
- You added too much.
- I thought so.
- How many did you add?
(Coughing)
He added a lot of peppers.
- This is a disaster.
- It's not that spicy.
- It's a bit spicy.
- That's right.
- It's too spicy.
- It's like spicy ramyeon...
with too much noodles.
- It's too spicy.
- You shouldn't had added a lot.
It needs a little bit of salt.
- It needs a little bit of salt.
- It's too spicy.
- I knew this would happen.
- It tastes good at the end.
- It's tasty.
Even though it's too
spicy, I want to eat more.
- It's tasty.
- It's for the youngest member.
- Thank you.
- You want soup when you are hungry.
- Here is one...
- It's spicy.
For another young member.
It's the one I caught.
Look at this. It's so picturesque.
- This is crazy.
- It's pretty.
- It looks pretty from the front.
- It's in the perfect state.
This is the one I caught.
It's missing its pincer.
Moon Sik.
- You get a big one.
- Thank you.
Go ahead and eat.
(They hurriedly remove the shell.)
- Tell me how it tastes.
- You should eat too.
- Shall we clink them?
- Shall we?
- Cheers.
(She carefully puts it in her mouth.)
(She gives a prayer of thanks.)
- My goodness.
- How does it taste?
It doesn't taste anything
like shrimp I am used to.
- How does it taste?
- It's incredibly delicious.
- Is it delicious?
- It's nutty.
We should catch more shrimp tomorrow.
It's nutty.
I am glad there is more
than one for each person.
It's so tasty!
- Really?
- Habanero pepper was a good choice.
- It's seasoned just right.
- It's tasty.
- Seriously.
- It tastes like an expensive dish.
- Bite into it slowly.
- We finished it.
- It's tasty.
Eat the shell too.
It's really tasty.
- It's really tasty.
- It is, right?
- We need to catch more.
When you watch the show, you
think, "It can't be that tasty."
- It tastes the best.
- Seriously.
It doesn't contain any flavor enhancer.
It warmed up my stomach.
(It's the perfect time
to eat coconut crab.)
My stomach is warm.
How tasty will coconut crab be?
- This one?
- Seriously.
Coconut crab will be tasty, right?
Since they stimulated their
appetite with spicy shrimp soup,
it's time to try the
main dish, coconut crab.
- My goodness.
- Open it.
(The hero of the day, Ryu
Dam will open the lid.)
In 1, 2, 3.
(Here it comes.)
(The coconut crab shows itself.)
It looks nice.
- It's red.
- This is incredible.
(It's red.)
- It's cooked nicely.
- Seriously.
(The main dish shows off
its vibrant color.)
What should we do?
It already looks tasty.
- This is incredible.
- It looks tasty.
(Welcome to the world of coconut crab.)
It looks tasty.
What should we do?
(She wears her cap
backwards in preparation.)
I need to eat coconut crab like this.
Hold on. Let go of it.
(He picks up the coconut crab.)
- It's so big.
- Look at that color.
Be careful.
Let's eat the shell too.
- Let's eat the shell too.
- It looks delicious.
The shell?
It's the biggest coconut crab I have seen.
How shall we pull it apart?
(They can't take their
eyes off of the crab.)
(Dam takes off the pincers
for distribution.)
- Is that the tastiest part?
- Look at this.
(The pincer is bigger than Dam's hand.)
The meat from this part...
- is the best.
- Does it taste the best?
The pincers are the best.
- Really?
- The pincers.
I can smell it from here.
- It's so big.
- Is it the tastiest part?
- Whom should I give it to?
- Give it to the chief.
Whom should I give it to?
Does anyone want to work for it?
(Who will get the pincers?)
(Bo Mi begins to dance.)
(I want a pincer.)
- Give it to her.
- Bo Mi.
- Thank you.
- Bo Mi gets one.
(She worked for the pincer.)
Give us a performance of "NoNoNo".
It looks delicious.
The juice fell on my hand.
Here it comes! It came out!
(The crab meat from the
pincer shows itself.)
I want it.
- I want it.
- It smells good.
(It's just as I have seen on TV.)
- Chief.
- I want it.
- Thank you.
(Grateful and touched)
(She takes the first bite.)
- It looks incredible.
- Look at this.
(How does it taste?)
(Melting)
I am tearing up.
It's the best.
(Cho Rong tries it next.)
(She takes a big bite.)
(Smiling)
(There is no need for words.)
It must taste delicious.
Take one each. Pass it down.
- It's really tasty, right?
- It's hot.
You shouldn't eat all of it.
- Eat half of it.
- Why?
There are crab innards. They act as sauce.
- It's sweet and tasty.
- It's very tasty.
It's hot.
(This is Tae Gon's first
time to eat coconut crab.)
(It's a big piece.)
Take this.
Here.
(The taste is real.)
(Jin Woon can't help but become impressed.)
It's so tasty.
- It's the best.
- It's so tasty.
(She is absorbed in the
taste of coconut crab.)
It's unbelievable.
(The switch for eating mode turns on.)
(This is paradise.)
- Is it good?
- It's so tasty.
(Chewy)
(Look at this.)
(It's a crab meat bomb.)
(The crab meat disappears
into Bo Mi's mouth.)
There is a lot of crab meat.
Bo Mi looks like she is at Garak Market.
(She doesn't leave anything behind.)
This is incredible.
(While Bo Mi is having her fill, )
I can't eat it.
(Cho Rong is having trouble
cracking the shell.)
I want to eat it. This is driving me crazy.
No, no.
(Why can't I crack the shell?)
(I want to eat it.)
(Look at this, Cho Rong.)
(Cho Rong's determination
and Bo Mi's eating show)
(Their situations are vastly different.)
(After much effort, )
(she manages to get a piece of crab meat.)
(She puts it in her mouth right away.)
(Sighing)
This is...
The crabs I have had so
far weren't real crabs.
It's so tasty.
How can it be so plump?
(Before I met you, I thought
all crabs were small.)
All of these are innards.
- I see.
- Really?
(Here comes the sauce.)
- It's really tasty.
(Pouring out)
(It's a waterfall of crab innards.)
Do we dip crab meat in it?
(The 2nd round of eating...)
(is coming soon.)
(I must eat that.)
(She can't help but lick her lips.)
(They can't take their eyes off...)
(of the curry-colored crab innards.)
(Her switch for eating mode turns back on.)
(The crab innards sauce is ready.)
Dip crab meat in it.
- I was curious about it.
- My goodness.
I was curious about it.
(They dip crab meat in
the crab innards sauce.)
Eat crab innards with it.
(I have been waiting for this moment.)
(How does coconut crab meat
with crab innards sauce taste?)
(He has no words.)
(How will Kang Nam react?)
It's tasty.
It's really tasty.
It doesn't taste fishy at all.
It tastes like pasta sauce.
- It does, right?
- It tastes like pasta sauce.
(The taste brings a smile
to Moon Sik's face.)
- Look at this.
- This is fat from coconut.
(Cho Rong takes a big bite
of crab meat with sauce.)
(Sighing)
(Nodding)
- It tastes different.
- It does, right?
- This is crazy.
- It tastes like pasta sauce.
It's tasty, right?
This is...
(They move their hands
busily to deep the sauce.)
- This is crazy.
- Pasta sauce.
- It's tasty, right?
- Cream pasta.
It tastes like cream pasta.
How does it taste so wonderful?
It's tasty.
(Tae Gon drinks the innards.)
- It's like hangover soup.
- That's what.
One of ingredients I wanted
to taste in the jungle was...
the coconut crab.
I've never seen crab as big as that,
but I couldn't believe how innards
could be eaten as the sauce.
They were sweet and perfectly seasoned.
That was my first time
tasting a coconut crab.
The innards were tasty,
but when I dipped it with the
crab meat, it was amazing.
Shouldn't we mix rice in this sauce?
We ate it when we were starving,
and I cannot forget...
how delicious it was.
I think now I truly understand
the real taste of crabs.
I'm going to eat all of the coconut crabs.
(She shows off her cute act.)
I'm really sorry. I'm truly sorry.
Viewers, I apologize.
The moment I ate this, I knew we
were in the Garden of Spirits.
Hadn't we tasted this, it wouldn't
have been the Garden of Spirits.
Right on.
I was surprised.
This is amazing.
- All we did was steam it.
- Exactly.
I'm full although I feel
like I haven't eaten a lot.
- Imagine if we didn't have these.
- You're right.
It would have been really hard.
(Kang Nam keeps on eating.)
- This might explode.
- Doesn't it taste like pasta?
- It tastes just like pasta.
- You can't see this, can you?
He has the food all over his mouth.
(Looking dirty)
This is the tastiest.
Goodness.
(Kang Nam seems especially dirty today.)
("Kang Nam in the Jungle")
(Do you remember the days
when times were tough?)
- What is this?
- You can eat it. It's stuck.
(There lived a guy in the jungle,
wearing a plastic coat.)
(Perhaps, he likes the food he
has tasted for the first time.)
(He keeps on eating as he spills
and gets it all over his mouth.)
(It seems there's no more
food for him to consume.)
(However, he doesn't give up.)
(Feeling sad)
Kang Nam, stop licking the shells.
- There's nothing left anymore.
- I feel so much better now.
Hey, there's nothing
left for you to eat now.
(It seems Bo Mi can't get
enough of it as well.)
- Look at that.
- You will crack it.
You're almost done with that.
I'm done with this.
(Wanting more)
Where could we experience
this kind of luxury?
(Is there any more meat left here?)
There's nothing here.
Bo Mi looks like she's very disappointed.
(She breaks into a bitter smile.)
Gosh, this was delicious.
- Gosh, this surprised me.
- Why?
- It was such a pleasant surprise.
- Are you done with this?
- Dam looks so cool right now.
- We're done with this.
There's nothing here.
We can catch more tomorrow.
- Dam, I really enjoyed it.
- Gosh, that was really tasty.
If Dam weren't here, we wouldn't
have known how to eat them.
- How would we have known?
- Exactly. When you...
- got innards out, you looked cool.
- No, you would've gotten it.
- Let's give up for him.
- Seriously.
- He's feeling shy.
- I think this is the best thing...
you've done so far.
I agree.
Byung Man had done it for us before.
I sort of understood how Byung Man
had felt when he gave us food.
How should I put it? It felt
like I became their mother.
It was heartwarming and rewarding.
Besides, I spotted, caught,
and gave the coconut crabs.
So I got a glimpse of the feeling
he must've felt during those times.
- Let's sleep. It's time for bed.
- We should sleep.
Thanks to Dam, the Tribe
could fill their stomachs.
Now that they are full,
- I bet they'll sleep well tonight.
- Great job today.
- Good work.
- Great job.
1, 2, 3.
(Bo Mi is happy after having a nice meal.)
All right. It's time for
them to wrap up their day.
They get ready for bed in a hurry.
(The Tribe is getting
ready to go to sleep.)
(Do we really sleep here?)
How was your day today?
I think this is going to be an
unforgettable memory later on.
I must say Ha Young and Eun Ji were
incredible for starring on the show.
The best part of today was... I'm
not saying it because I was hungry.
It was really good.
The food we ate.
(Food takes 1st place.)
- What was the name? King crabs?
- You mean coconut crabs?
Yes, coconut crabs.
They were amazing.
It rained the whole day, so
the ground is still wet.
I didn't bring any blanket or pillow.
My head hurts.
- Wait.
- What if our head hurts tomorrow?
(They're worried about their head.)
But I really had no idea that
we would be sleeping like this.
If we didn't build the house, we
would've slept on the ground?
Yes.
(No way.)
You didn't let us bring the sleeping bag.
(She's mad...)
(and upset.)
I'm starting to hate you guys.
Good night.
Great job today.
Good work.
It's their first night in the jungle.
They must have been exhausted.
It got quiet very quickly.
Good night, Tribe.
(Have a good first night
in the Garden of Spirits.)
(The wind blows hard.)
(Flapping)
(It gets windier when it's dawn.)
(At that moment)
(Falling)
What just happened?
(The plastic roof has collapsed.)
The plastic roof that was protecting
the fire fell due to rain and wind.
If this continues, the
fire will go out soon.
(Someone has woken up?)
It was too cold.
I was cold even with my padded jacket.
I had to fix the fire too.
(Yun Hyeong installs the
roof at a lower height.)
(He continues to observe it out of worry.)
Thanks to his effort, he stopped
the fire from going out.
(With his effort, the Tribe manages
to avoid the worst scenario.)
However, they cannot stop the
pouring rain as the time passes.
Even the waves are getting
closer to their base camp.
(The waves are reaching close.)
Can they spend the first night
in the Garden of Spirits safely?
(Despite the worry, )
(the dawn breaks soon.)
(It continues to rain even in the morning.)
(Everyone is sleeping like a rock.)
(So far, the morning seems peaceful.)
(The waves have reached right
up to their base camp.)
Now that it's morning, the sea
seems to be in an unusual state.
(In the end, )
(the waves crash over the breakwater.)
The waves sweep away the bonfire.
(This is the crew's tent.)
What's worse is that the waves
have slammed onto the crew's tent.
(Luckily, the waves didn't
sweep over Tribe's house.)
(However, their house is
hanging by a single thread.)
(The fearful waves are nearing.)
(The waves crash over the whole
place except for their house.)
(The waves are about to
slam onto their house.)
The Tribe's house isn't safe anymore.
It seems the waves are only a few
seconds away from sweeping over it.
(Moon Sik wakes up at
an impeccable timing.)
(He intuits they are in danger.)
Gosh, I couldn't get a wink of sleep.
The waves reached all the way here.
It was cold too.
I'm glad our house didn't float away.
(They are lucky the house is intact.)
The waves reached all the
way up to the house.
(The mess...)
(even flustered the experienced member.)
(Jin Woon is the second to wake up.)
(As soon as he wakes up, he's shocked.)
(What is this breakwater doing here?)
The waves must've gotten all the way here.
Close enough to push the log.
You're up.
How can the waves reach all the way here?
How are we going to fix this?
(While these two experienced members
are in a state of confusion, )
(in the end...)
(Startled)
(The waves are coming at
them with increasing vigor.)
(The Tribe are in direct
contact of the waves.)
(It's a catastrophe of the morning.)
(The waves keep on crashing at them.)
(The entire Tribe wakes up as
they can't defend themselves.)
(The whole group is in a mental breakdown.)
(Is this really happening?
Or am I still dreaming?)
(They are calming their shocked nerves.)
- You could have floated away.
- Sorry?
You could've been swept away.
The waves reached up to here.
- Really?
- Over there.
(They are checking the
ruins of the catastrophe.)
(The threat of the waves doesn't stop.)
(Still drowsy from their sleep, they
let the waves sweep over them.)
I think this is how it feels to
suffer from the rainfall disaster.
I don't know where to start.
(It's certainly a gloomy and
tragic feeling to have.)
(They begin to move 1 by 1 as
they gather their senses.)
(Strong waves slammed into them.)
(Shouting)
(He fell over the log the
moment he let down his guard.)
(Even the cameraman staggers,
swept by the waves.)
(However, they mustn't
lower their guard yet.)
(Running)
(My shoes are floating away.)
(Luckily, he manages to retrieve them.)
(The waves make their blood curdle.)
My feet got pinned by the tree.
(The sea is not forgiving.)
(The staff's tent got destroyed too.)
What do we do?
I've lost all my motivation to repair it.
(This is tragic.)
It's getting worse.
There was a thud and the
waves hit Dam and me.
We both got up.
We were wondering what it was.
I thought somebody hit us.
(They couldn't have imagined this.)
There was a big thud.
It was gloomy. We didn't have an answer.
We lost fire.
We put our shoes at the bottom...
and they got soaked and swept away.
There was water coming in...
underneath our house.
I wanted to cry.
It attacked our fireplace
so the flame went out.
(Moon Sik got up first
but he was helpless.)
Were we supposed to build a house again?
Were we supposed to move it back?
It was hopeless.
(He feels hopeless.)
Due to the rain that
poured all night long...
and the changing tide,
the sea level rose
significantly within a day.
It put Byung Man's Tribe's shelter...
in danger.
(How will they overcome this obstacle?)
(They lay the breakwater down
again to amend the situation.)
(They start lighting a fire again.)
(It's close.)
It's working.
(Wood is wet so it's not
easy to light it again.)
(Bo Mi gives it a try.)
(It's not working.)
(I wish it didn't rain.)
(Cho Rong comes back with an idea.)
(Jin Woon helps as well.)
(Ticking)
It worked.
(They finally get some ember.)
(I'm so good.)
It worked.
Our wishes came together.
We came together as one.
(Their hope for survival burns
as their wishes come together.)
(It's low tide now and the
waves are moving back.)
- Let's have cassavas and bananas.
- Let's have bananas.
We caught these yesterday.
They're like freshwater snails.
(They saved the gastropods for breakfast.)
We saved them for breakfast.
(She washes them with sea water.)
It's good.
(It goes on the fire.)
(Here are some cassavas too.)
We're lucky we have cassavas and bananas.
- We have them.
- We have more.
This is enough. I think we can eat.
Sit.
(It's time to eat.)
Look at these.
(The warm steam rises.)
That looks great.
We have food for breakfast.
- The sea.
- There's a scent.
It's from the sea.
The freshwater and the sea ones are mixed.
It's so good.
It's so sweet.
(Bo Mi has breakfast too.)
It was a tough morning,
but they had a filling breakfast.
Byung Man's Tribe renewed
their will for survival.
(They have a renewed will for survival.)
Open it, Kang Nam.
Are these cassavas?
You haven't had these, right?
It's good.
The food probably tastes better
after what they've been through.
(They get rewarded for
having the worst morning.)
They have recharged themselves,
so they start repairing
the house right away.
We should have done this before it rained.
(They didn't know it was
going to rain this much.)
We realized after it rained.
They upgrade the bamboo house
so that no rain gets through.
(They are in charge of the fire.)
(However)
(7 people?)
(Where's Cho Rong?)
(She sat down with her eyes covered.)
(Oh, no)
What's this?
If I look straight,
it hurts.
(The team doctor checks her out.)
My goodness.
(What happened to her?)
It's not blurry, right?
(She felt discomfort since breakfast.)
My eyes hurt.
What's wrong with my eyes?
(Why does she have pain?)
(She can't open her eyes.)
(She's trying to bear the pain.)
(It's best to relax.)
(The team doctor looks after her.)
(Groaning)
(Her fists are clenched.)
My eye started stinging all of a sudden.
I thought it was ashes,
so I was going to wash it away,
but my eye started swelling.
I had ashes in my eyes since last night.
I was trying to keep the fire alive.
In Cho Rong's case,
she was in front of the bonfire...
when her eye started
hurting and tearing up.
She probably had ashes
or debris in her eyes...
that led to the situation.
(She was protecting the fire
when she felt the pain.)
It happened to other members before too,
so we had necessary medicine ready.
I gave her eye drops and applied ointment.
I think it's getting better.
What's this?
(It's fortunate she got treated early.)
(But there's still pain.)
(They have to watch and see
how soon she improves.)
(Is it better now?)
(Tae Gon gets worried and comes over.)
What's that matter?
Did you get something in your eye?
- Did you get something in your eye?
- I can't open my eyes.
(I can't open my eyes.)
She got eye drops.
(Cho Rong was always so strong, )
(so they're more worried about her.)
(2 hours later)
How's the weather?
(Cho Rong is taking a
rest inside the tent.)
- Cho Rong.
- Yes?
- Are you all right?
- Yes.
Are you better now?
What's everybody doing?
We're just sitting down and resting.
- We made the grill.
- Really?
We're resting now.
(Bo Mi emphasizes that
they're resting too.)
(She gets her a thick jacket
in case she gets cold.)
- This is yours, right?
- Yes. Thank you.
She has something in her eyes.
(She's sad.)
So...
(She's worried about Cho Rong.)
But she'll get better.
I thought of covering
one eye and keep going,
but I thought I might have to go home...
after one day in the jungle.
I was a little bit shocked.
I felt bad lying down the whole time.
I didn't feel good.
(She injured herself
while making the fire.)
I was sad. Why did I come...
if I was going to return in a day?
Did you cry?
I got really sad so I
wept when I was alone.
I don't want to cry.
(It still makes her tear
up thinking about it.)
(Will Cho Rong recover quickly?)
My gosh.
(Next week)
(The survival continues.)
(Tae Gon and Dam look for marlins.)
(They face the extraordinary
Mother Nature.)
(They feel it with their body.)
(It's the Garden of the
Spirits that they dreamt of.)
We need the spirits.
(The Law of Jungle, next Friday at 10pm)